TELCODOCS-2197: Add support for user defined tolerations to modules (#89568)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/kmm-applying-tolerations-to-kernel-module-pods.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * hardware_enablement/kmm-kernel-module-management.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="kmm-applying-tolerations-to-kernel-module-pods_{context}"]
= Applying tolerations to kernel module pods 

Taints and tolerations consist of `effect`, `key`, and `value` parameters. Tolerations include additional `operator` and `tolerationSeconds` parameters. 

`effect`:: Indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects. When specified, allowed values are  `NoSchedule`, `PreferNoSchedule`, or `NoExecute`.

`key`:: The taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys. If the key is empty, `operator` must be `Exists`. This combination means to match all values and all keys.

> `value`:: The taint value the toleration matches to. If `operator` is `Exists``, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`value`:: The taint value the toleration matches to. If `operator` is `Exists`, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.
```

Author: Corrected.

`operator`:: Represents a key's relationship to the value. Valid operators are `Exists` and the default value `Equal`. `Exists` is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod can tolerate all taints of a particular category.

`tolerationSeconds`:: Represents the period of time the toleration (which must be of effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default, it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero and negative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.

.Example taint in a module specification
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: kmm.sigs.x-k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: Module
metadata:
  name: <my_kmod>
spec:
  ...
  taints:
    effect: NoSchedule
    key: key1

>     value: value1

Reviewer 2: Taints are applied to a `node` and not to a `Module`.

Author: @ybettan Not sure what you mean by this. Do you mean I should change lines 21 and 25 from `Module` to `Node`?

Reviewer 2: I mean that you created an example that won't work as there is no such field `taints` in the `Module` object. `taints` are only existing on `Node` objects. You can find a taint example (applied to a node) [here](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.18/nodes/scheduling/nodes-scheduler-taints-tolerations.html#nodes-scheduler-taints-tolerations-about_nodes-scheduler-taints-tolerations).

Reviewer 2: LGTM

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * hardware_enablement/kmm-kernel-module-management.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="kmm-applying-tolerations-to-kernel-module-pods_{context}"]
= Applying tolerations to kernel module pods 

Taints and tolerations consist of `effect`, `key`, and `value` parameters. Tolerations include additional `operator` and `tolerationSeconds` parameters. 

> `effect`:: Indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects. When specified, allowed values are  `NoSchedule`, `PreferNoSchedule`, or `NoExecute`.

Author: Made change.

> `effect`:: Indicates the taint effect to match. If left empty, all taint effects are matched. Allowable specified values are:  `NoSchedule`, `PreferNoSchedule`, or `NoExecute`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`effect`:: Indicates the taint effect to match. If left empty, all taint effects are matched. When you set `effect`, valid values are: `NoSchedule`, `PreferNoSchedule`, or `NoExecute`.
```

Author: Made this change.

> `key`:: The taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys. If the key is empty, `operator` must be `Exists`. This combination means to match all values and all keys.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`key`:: The taint key that the toleration applies to. If left empty, all taint keys are matched. If the `key` is empty, `operator`  parameter must be set to `Exists`. This combination means to match all values and all keys.
```

> `key`:: The taint key that the toleration applies to. If left empty, all taint keys are matched. If the `key` is empty, `operator`  parameter must be set to `Exists`. This combination means to match all values and all keys.

Author: Made this change.

> `value`:: The taint value the toleration matches to. If `operator` is `Exists`, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`value`:: The taint value the toleration matches to. If `operator` parameter is `Exists`, the value should be empty, otherwise just a regular string.
```

Reviewer 4: I don't know what `otherwise just another string` means in this context.

Author: Changing this to `otherwise use a regular string`.

> `value`:: The taint value the toleration matches to. If `operator` parameter is `Exists`, the value should be empty, otherwise use a regular string.

Author: Made this change.

> `operator`:: Represents a key's relationship to the value. Valid operators are `Exists` and the default value `Equal`. `Exists` is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod can tolerate all taints of a particular category.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`operator`:: Represents a key's relationship to the `value`. Valid `operators` parameters are: `Exists` and `Equal`. The default value is `Equal`. `Exists` is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod can tolerate all taints of a particular category.
```

Reviewer 4: If by "the value" you mean the same `value` that you have on line 15 in marks I'm not sure why you wouldn't.

> `operator`:: Represents a key's relationship to the value. Valid `operator` parameters are `Exists` and `Equal`. The default value is `Equal`. `Exists` is equivalent to wildcard for value, so that a pod can tolerate all taints of a particular category.

Author: Made this change.

> `tolerationSeconds`:: Represents the period of time the toleration (which must be of effect NoExecute, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default, it is not set, which means tolerate the taint forever (do not evict). Zero and negative values will be treated as 0 (evict immediately) by the system.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`tolerationSeconds`:: Represents the period of time the toleration (which must be of effect `NoExecute`, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default, it is not set and the taint is tolerated forever without eviction. Zero and negative values will be treated as `0` and immediately evicted by the system.
```

Author: Made changes.

> `tolerationSeconds`:: Represents the period of time the toleration (which must be of effect `NoExecute`, otherwise this field is ignored) tolerates the taint. By default, it is not set and the taint is tolerated forever without eviction. Zero and negative values will be treated as `0` and immediately evicted by the system.

Author: Made this change.

.Example taint in a node specification
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Node
metadata:

>   name: my-node

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  name: <my_node>
```

Author: Made change.
